Add link to "why github flow is complex" article (#444)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/contribute/contribute-pull-requests/_index.md

- https://mattstauffer.com/blog/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-github-project-using-your-own-fork/
- https://dev.to/ceri_anne_dev/how-to-fork-and-contribute-to-a-github-repo-5bfp

> This flow is a standard process for opensource projects to handle contributions but it can look quite complex. [This article](https://dev.to/mathieuks/introduction-to-github-fork-workflow-why-is-it-so-complex-3ac8) about the flow can help you understand the reasons for each part of the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flow is a standard process for open source projects to handle contributions but it can look quite complex. [This article](https://dev.to/mathieuks/introduction-to-github-fork-workflow-why-is-it-so-complex-3ac8) about the flow can help you understand the reasons for each part of the process.
```
